Adding  docs for the `k6/experimental/websockets` module (#933)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/03 websockets.md

<ExperimentalBlockquote />

This experimental API implements the browser [WebSocket API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) with additional k6-specific functionalities (cookies, tags, headers and so on).

> The main difference between this module and [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) is that this module uses a global event loop instead of a local one, which enables a single VU to have multiple concurrent connections for better performance.

Reviewer: Definitely made some assumptions here, so please confirm accuracy before applying :pray: .

> The main difference between this module and [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) is that this module uses a global event loop instead of a local one, which enables a single VU to have multiple concurrent connections for better performance.

Author: I belive it's good! :+1:

> It's not fully implemented, but we're working on it. If you have any feedback, please [open an issue](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-websockets/) in the extension repository. Our long-term goal is to replace [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) module with this one.

Reviewer 2: Re "It's not fully implemented", do we have a list of missing features or bugs we're still working on? I.e. is anything preventing users from using it today instead of `k6/ws`? The [currently open issues](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-websockets/issues) don't seem to mention anything major.

We should probably clarify what we mean by "not fully implemented", and link to the open issues (and, eventually, a roadmap), just so users can get a sense of the progress, and when and if they should start using this module instead of `k6/ws`.

Reviewer 2: OK, understood. Let's leave this as is then.

| [WebSocket.onclose(callback)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onclose) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `close` connection event |
| [WebSocket.onping(callback)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onping) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `ping` event |
| [WebSocket.onpong(callback)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onpong) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `pong` event |
<!-- vale on -->

A WebSocket instance also has the following properties:

| Class/Property | Description |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| WebSocket.readyState | The current state of the connection. Could be one of [the four states](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/readyState). |
| WebSocket.url | The URL of the connection as resolved by the constructor. |
| WebSocket.bufferedAmount | The number of bytes of data that have been queued using calls to `send()` but not yet transmitted to the network. |

> | WebSocket.binaryType | The [`binaryType`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/binaryType) is by default `ArrayBuffer`. Setting it panics, as k6 does not support Blob. |

Reviewer 2: "Panic" is a Go term.

```suggestion
| WebSocket.binaryType | The [`binaryType`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/binaryType) is by default `"arraybuffer"`. Setting it throws an exception, as k6 does not support the Blob type. |
```

Author: :+1: 

Good one! I'll take part about panic removal, but for the `ArrayBuffer` it seems like we currently return it that way https://github.com/grafana/xk6-websockets/blob/main/websockets/websockets.go#L184 even if the specification defines it as `arraybuffer`. 

I took it as a local TODO since an I have a local branch that I'm going to push soon with some chore fixes.
```suggestion
| WebSocket.binaryType | The [`binaryType`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/binaryType) is by default `"ArrayBuffer"`. Setting it throws an exception, as k6 does not support the Blob type. |
```

<ExperimentalBlockquote />

This experimental API implements the browser [WebSocket API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket) with additional k6-specific functionalities (cookies, tags, headers and so on).

The main difference between this module and [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) is that this module uses a global event loop instead of a local one.
A global event loop lets a single VU have multiple concurrent connections, which improves performance.

> The `WebSocket API` is not fully implemented, and we're working on it, but we believe it's usable for most users. So whether you're writing a new WebSocket test, or currently using the `k6/ws` module, we invite you to give it a try, and report any issues in the project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-websockets/). Our midterm is to make this module as part of the k6 core, and the long-term goal to replace the [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `WebSocket API` is not fully implemented, and we're working on it, but we believe it's usable for most users. So whether you're writing a new WebSocket test, or currently using the `k6/ws` module, we invite you to give it a try, and report any issues in the project's [issue tracker](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-websockets/). Our midterm goal is to make this module part of k6 core, and long-term to replace the [`k6/ws`](/javascript-api/k6-ws/) module.
```

| [WebSocket.send(data)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-send) | Send string data. |
| [WebSocket.addEventListener(event, handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener) | Add an event listener on the connection for specific event. |
| [WebSocket.onmessage(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onmessage) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `message` event |
| [WebSocket.onerror(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onerror) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `error` event |
| [WebSocket.onopen(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onopen) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `open` connection event |
| [WebSocket.onclose(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onclose) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `close` connection event |
| [WebSocket.onping(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onping) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `ping` event |

> | [WebSocket.onpong(handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onpong) | Set up an event listener on the connection for `pong` event |

Reviewer 2: I still think that describing these as `.on*(handler)` is confusing, since they _are_ the handlers, and not functions that receive a handler as an argument. So I would drop the `handler` argument, and only have the Parameter table on each page if the handler itself takes a parameter (like for `onmessage`). So, I guess for `onmessage` this should be `WebSocket.onmessage(data)` instead(?).

And the description might be "Handler function for the `x` event."(?).

But it's not a big deal.

Author: Actually, it's a big deal, I believe. Good catch! :bow: and sorry I missed that in your original comment. 

They are just properties that can be assigned with the handler function value (I mean, even `WebSocket.onmessage(data)` is wrong) going to remove `(handler)` part to avoid confusion.

| [WebSocket.send(data)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-send) | Send string data. |
| [WebSocket.addEventListener(event, handler)](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener) | Add an event listener on the connection for specific event. |

A WebSocket instance also has the following properties:

<!-- vale off -->
| Class/Property | Description |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| WebSocket.readyState | The current state of the connection. Could be one of [the four states](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/readyState). |
| WebSocket.url | The URL of the connection as resolved by the constructor. |
| WebSocket.bufferedAmount | The number of bytes of data that have been queued using calls to `send()` but not yet transmitted to the network. |
| WebSocket.binaryType | The [`binaryType`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSocket/binaryType) is by default `"ArrayBuffer"`. Setting it throws an exception, as k6 does not support the Blob type. |
| [WebSocket.onmessage](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onmessage) | A handler for `message` events. |

> | [WebSocket.onerror](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onerror) | A handler for for `error` events. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [WebSocket.onerror](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-onerror) | A handler for `error` events. |
```
